## Changelog for 1.0.4-r2

### Mod updates

#### [Botania r1.9-344](http://botaniamod.net/changelog.php#r1.9-344)

- Fixed a lava dupe with the Petal Apothecary.
- Fixed a Mana Enchanter game freeze.
- Fixed an item dupe when dropping items in the edges of a Mana Pool.
- Fixed double plants not being randomly shifted like vanilla ones.
- Fixed the Mana Clip showing Air for empty slots.
- Fixed the Ring of Loki's wireframes not working.
- Updated Storage Drawers integration (palaster)
- More williewilus builds up in here!

#### [CraftTweaker-1.11.2-3.0.26](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/crafttweaker/files/2433445)

- Fixed JEI hiding
- Changed mt hand output, it will now output the stacksize if it is more than 1
- Fixed recipe dumping crashing
- Fixed JEI Support
- Added JEI.removeAndHide(); which removes the recipe and hides the output from JEI
- Moved the first reload event to run before the actions are undone
- Fixed console spam
- Fixed scripts being loaded from a zip file
- Fixed JEI being broken on newer versions
- Fixed scripts in sub directories
- Fixed errors on the first line of a script not outputting which script caused the error
- Fixed jei searching for custom item names and tooltips
- Fixed CTGUI 1 removal script output

#### [Quark-r1.2-93](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/quark/files/2433183)

- General: Added a config option to disable all* stairs, slabs, and walls, if you want to save on block IDs. *doesn't disable them for blocks that use them for other recipes, such as Soul Sandstone or Midori.
- General: Fixed some poorly written ASM handling code that crashed the game when loaded with LibrarianLib.
- Building: Added Bark Stairs and Slabs.
- Building: Fixed incorrect Soul Sandstone recipes.
- Decoration: Fixed the Glass Item Frame entity not being localized. (xbony2)
- Tweaks: Added Random Animal Textures. Four new textures for cows, pigs, and chicken, as well as separate textures for baby chicken.
- Tweaks: Fixed the food tooltip not checking BWM's hardcore hunger status properly. (squeek502)
- World: Added Permafrost and Brimstone Walls.
- World: Fixed Basalt not spawning. You may need to delete that part of the config if you were having problems.

#### [Refined Storage 1.4.13](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/refined-storage/files/2433540)

- Fixed Portable Grid model (raoulvdberge, CyanideX)
- The Portable Grid now has an indicator whether it's connected or disconnected and shows the disk (raoulvdberge, CyanideX)
- Fixed ore dictionary causing problems with Solderer (raoulvdberge)
- Fixed ore dictionary items not showing up in JEI for the Solderer (raoulvdberge)
- Removed Quartz Enriched Iron ore dictionary entry (raoulvdberge)

#### [Timberjack 1.11.2-1.5](https://minecraft.curseforge.com/projects/timberjack/files/2433301)

1. Adds a custom falling entity, this allows various improvements:

 - Fixes the vanilla death timer bug on the entity. There should be no more floating entities left behind.
 - Tweak momentum values such that the tree falls approximately in away from the player. 10% chance of random direction.
 - Falling logs now destroy leaves and plants under them as they fall. Leaves also destroy plants.
 - When the entity can't place the block, it now properly spawns leaf drops.
 - Logs now drop 1-4 sticks instead of logs when the entity can't place the block. No more cheesing with slabs.
 - Logs now rotate in approximately the correct direction upon hitting the ground. May not work with all mod logs.
 - Properly trigger leaf decay checks after placing blocks.
2. Added an aggressive house protection mode:
 - Any blocks normally not found near trees will abort the felling process.
 - These blocks include: Glass, Workbenchs, Carpet, Anvils, Doors, Trap Doors, Signs, Beds, Repeaters, Comparators.
 - Can be disabled in the config, defaults to on.
3. Also:
 - Fixed a couple of issues with the chat commands.
 - Sneaking prevents felling. Can be turned off in config.
 - Added some code to clean up the old entities.

### Modpack

#### Changes

- Increased second princess chance as in BR Classic
- Re-enabled Quark sign edit

#### Fixes

- Clear `blockMetal` ore dictionary entries (Fix [#18 Block of gold in RS solderer produces basic circuits not advanced](https://github.com/Beyond-Reality/Beyond-Realty-Farscapes/issues/18))
